Mitchell Lee
Shared Solar
Notes to Improve/Continue working on WP02
Began on 07182012

Introduction

Paragraph 1

Modi Notes
Large grids -> smaller grids
network cost go down
	->smoothing aggrigation of demand 
	and multiple source turned on/off
	->storage
	"right sizing storeage"
	cost reliability
	
Soto Notes 
literature ib existing microgrid assumptions
Justiy storage focus based on context

Translation

In the developed world there are relatively constant
electricity demand profiles. 
Given the diversity of loads and generation sources, energy
storage will only supply a small percentage of electricity 
demand.
The diversity of load/supply allows for this minimal amount
of storage to result in a high system reliability. 

As the size of electricity distribution networks is decreased,
so is the diversity of demand sources and 
the diversity of generation.
Thus, the smaller the a micro-grid, the more vulnerable 
it becomes to fluctuations in demand and electricity generation. 
As a result, small islanded micro-grids must rely more heavily on
energy storage in order to buffer variability and meet demand.  
Storage is very expensive; as a result, it is vital to appropriately 
size electricity storage capacity.

Paragraph 2

Modi Notes
"Solar"
{some ... solar pv micro grid}

Soto Notes

->Focus on solar, wait on LEGP
->introduce each section
->reliability cost tradeoff

Translation

In the context of the developing world, epecially in regions 
which currently have minimal electricity availability, making 
tradeoffs between system cost and reliability may be appealing.
This paper is focused upon cost versus reliability tradeoffs in
the context of isolated micro-grids with PV electricity generation
and battery storage. 
In the first section of the article we describe our methodology 
for analyzing micro-grids. 
We provide an overview of the computational tools that we have developed.
We also explain the metric that we use to quanitify micro-grid reliability
and is advantages.
In the second section of the article, we characterize the relationship 
between cost and reliability for stand alone PV micro-grids. 
In particular, we analyze the effects of insolation avaialability on 
the interplay between cost in reliability. 
(Im starting to feel like that
we can produce a coherent 5 page paper without this section)
In the third section of the article, we critically evaluate the 
the effects of LEGP on a micro-grid's temporal performance 
characterstics. 
Temporal behavior is evaluated on two different time scales. 
We observe micro-grid performance on a daily level with hourly resolution. 
Micro-grid performance is also evaluated on a yearly level 
with monthly resolution. 

Methodology

Modi Notes

Introduce LEGP in this section

1. supply-weather location
2. demand curtailment 
3. technology.

Soto Notes 

Table of weather sources
Table of pv cost and finance assumptions

Lee Notes

Introduce demand and solar resources profiles. 
Remind them that this is of of battery/pv stand-alone 
micro-grid.
Reference table that contains these properties, as wells as,
the cost of PV/battery, and the PV/battery step size.

With regards to calculations start broad and narrow in. 
->Energy Balance Algorithm
->LEG
->LEGP
->Optimization



